Acrobat of the King's Valley
 Complete every Jumping Puzzle in the King's Valley.
Acrobat of Farr
 Complete the Farr Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Demon
 Complete the Azacor Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Bathhouse
 Complete the Highwatch Bathhouse Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of Highwatch Castle
 Complete the Highwatch Castle Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Monument
 Complete the Monument Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Library
 Complete the Lowtide Library Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Seagate
 Complete the Lowtide Seagate Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Ship
 Complete the Lowtide Ship Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Armory
 Complete the Armory Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of Nyr
 Complete the Windmill Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Beam
 Complete the Beam Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Dream
 Complete the Reverie Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Teleporter
 Complete the Sierhaven Teleporter Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Flag
 Complete the Sierhaven Flag Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of Royalty
 Complete the Sierhaven Royal Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Tree
 Complete the Sierhaven Tree Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the West
 Complete the Western Tower Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Plague
 Complete the Plagueroot Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Springs
 Complete the Ta'Eldim Jumping Puzzle.
Acrobat of the Remnants
 Complete the Verdant Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Celsian Isles
 Complete every Jumping Puzzle in the Celsian Isles.
Aerialist of the Teleporter
 Complete the Alnera Teleporter Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Deep
 Complete the Darkest Depths Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Bookshelves
 Complete The Fallen Forum Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Cathedral
 Complete the Frostgate Cathedral Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Carnival
 Complete the Floating Carnival Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Gardens
 You conquered the hardest parkour in the game - the Gardens of Yesel!
Aerialist of the Lighthouse
 Complete the Mistport Lighthouse Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Mist
 Complete The Black Mist Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Void
 Complete the Sealed Remorse Lobby Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Laboratory
 Complete The Steelmeld Laboratory Jumping Puzzle.
Aerialist of the Academy
 Complete the Wispervale Academy Jumping Puzzle.
Parkour
 Complete the Jumping Puzzles of each region.
Defeat the Arena of Terth
 The master of the arena has fallen, but Yeigar swears to return...
Defeated Plague Immortal
 Survived 10 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Phantom
 Survived 15 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Eternal Mindfaser
 Survived 20 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Adrash
 Survived 25 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Abrax&aacute;s
 Survived 30 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Baudric
 Survived 35 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Yeigar
 Survived 40 waves of the Arena.
Defeated Luke
 Survived 5 waves of the Arena.
Brown Corp
 Find all Brown Corp locations.
Enter the Dissonant Realm
 You discovered the Rush of Dissonance lobby.
Remnant of the Rose
 Purchase the Remnant of the Rose.
Reliction
 Defeat 25 waves inside Rush of Dissonance.
Epicurean
 Defeat 40 waves inside Rush of Dissonance.
Conqueror
 Defeat 75 waves inside Rush of Dissonance.
A Shaman's Lament
 You have conquered the corrupted grounds of the Forsworn Sanctum.
Three is the Key
 You have awoken Ami Udake within the Forsworn Sanctum.
Shards of the Past
 You have discovered the Verdant lobby. Something dark lies beyond...
Threads of Fate
 You have conquered the threadwarped Remnants of Verdant.
Dungeon Modding
 You conquered a dungeon with all possible delve modifiers active!
Cold Likes Company
 Defeat Eldrask with 2 players.
Ice-Cold Vanilla
 Defeat Eldrask without having any class selected for the entire duration of the
 fight.
Ice Division
 Defeat Eldrask with a raid of 10 or more players where no one dies.
Icicle Crash
 Hit Eldrask with 10 or more icicles in a single fight.
The Song's Lonely Soloist
 Use Annilys to survive a would-be fatal Titanic Rupture.
Shattered Yet Standing
 Survive Eldrask's Shatter attack during his final phase and win.
Stalwart Trio
 Defeat Eldrask with a team of exactly 3 warriors.
Eldrask
 Defeat Eldrask, the last of the Frost Giants.
Defeat Eldrask Solo
 You have heard the song, and know its tale.
Feeble Cursed One
 Get cursed by Hekawt 3 times in a single fight and win.
Day of Wrath
 Survive Dies Irae at 5 Crystals or higher and win to tell the tale.
Deathly Duo
 Defeat Hekawt with 2 players.
Player Slayer
 Slay a Player... as a revenant.
Putrid Platoon
 Defeat Hekawt with 10 or more players where no one dies.
Revenant Slayer
 Slay 3 Player Revenants outside the Shadow Realm in a single fight.
Unholy Trinity
 Defeat Hekawt with a team of exactly 3 Warlocks.
Hekawt
 Defeat Hekawt, the Lich.
Defeat Hekawt Solo
 To conquer that who has conquered death...
Varcosa's Bounty
 Acquired a long lost Golden Key from Varcosa's ship, and slew the Mimic Queen g
uarding his final hoard.
Depth's Chime
 Once again infused the Chime with the dying breath of Captain Varcosa, awakenin
g its true potential.
The Captain Returns
 You have discovered the Black Mist lobby. The crew is expecting you...
The Black Mist
 Cleared the Black Mist and conquered its captain, Varcosa.
Nearsighted
 Cleared the Black Mist with only 1 secret wall found.
Spiritbusters
 Cleared the Black Mist with 4 people.
No Stone Unturned
 Found all hidden walls and every chest.
The Parting Veil
 You have completed everything there is to do in the Parting Veil expansion and
learned of dangers from Hekawt's shade.
Unavoidable Fate
 You have discovered the Sealed Remorse lobby. What awaits you below...
Staring into the Void
 You have conquered the depths of Sealed Remorse.
Void of Tension
 You conquered Sealed Remorse with over 200 seconds remaining on the clock!
The Void Stares Back
 You have parted the void and witnessed the Eternal Vigil.
Cached Out
 Claim a Treasures of Viridia cache for your own.
Decadence
 Claim 10 Treasures of Viridia caches.
Quartering
 Claim 25 Treasures of Viridia caches.
Enter the Nightmares
 You discovered the Gallery of Fear lobby.
Visions
 Defeat 35 waves in the Sanguine Halls
True Horror
 Defeat 50 waves in the Sanguine Halls
Where's the Cake?
 You have discovered the P.O.R.T.A.L. lobby. The lab awaits... the cake awaits,
too...
What's the acronym stand for?
 You have conquered the P.O.R.T.A.L. Strike. With no cake in sight.
The Masked Fortress
 You have discovered the Masquerader's Ruin lobby. The Blue Wool awaits...
Retrieving What was Stolen
 You have conquered the Masquerader's Ruin.
Challenges
 Complete the special challenges of each region.
Mechs Machina
 You launched a counter-attack following a warning from the Machine God's Herald
, and found yourself at the entrance to The Cradle of the Broken God.
The Staff
 Following a note, you took a staff to four shrines and found a new dungeon.
The Staff?
 Following a new trail, you took the elemental staff to four amplified shrines a
nd found a Delve.
Crystal Visions
 With the help of former Shaman Nai, you re-entered the dream and learned more a
bout the nature of the Genius Loci- and angered Kaul yet again.
Abyssal
 While equipped, you deal an additional (level * 10)% damage if either you or th
e enemy you are damaging is in water.
Acumen
 +(level * 2)% experience earned.
Adaptability
 Allows secondary enchants (ex: Shielding, Reflexes, etc.) to all work with the
defense type (Armor or Agility) you have the most of.
Adrenaline
 Upon attacking an enemy, you gain (level * 10)% speed for 3 seconds. Upon break
ing a spawner with a pickaxe, you gain (level * 5)% speed for 6 seconds.
Agility
 One of Monumenta's primary defensive stats, along with Armor.
Multiplies received damage taken by 0.96^Agility.
If Armor and Agility are mixed, damage is multiplied by 0.96^(Armor + Agility -
0.5 * Armor * Agility / (Armor + Agility))
Curse of Anemia
 Reduces amount of healing received by (level * 10)%.
Aptitude
 Decreases the cooldown of all of your skills by 5% per level multiplicatively.
Aqua Affinity
 Allows you to mine blocks underwater as if you were on land.
Ardor
 Mining a spawner outside of water grants you (level * 3)% speed for 4s. Mining
a spawner underwater refreshes (level * 0.5) breath.
Armor
 One of Monumenta's primary defensive stats, along with Agility.
Multiplies received damage taken by 0.96^Armor.
If Armor and Agility are mixed, damage is multiplied by 0.96^(Armor + Agility -
0.5 * Armor * Agility / (Armor + Agility))
Ashes of Eternity
 Applies the effect of Resurrection upon death while holding this item. This rem
oves the enchant from the item. If the item has the enchant by default, it will
be restored after every weekly update.
Aura
 Mobs in a 2 block radius from you are slowed by (level * 2)% for 0.5 seconds. T
his is refreshed as long as they are in range.
Baaing
 Baaaaaaa
Barking
 Magically regrows the bark onto the logs you chop up.
Blast Fragility
 Multiplies blast damage taken by (0.96) ^ (-2 * level).
Blast Protection
 Multiplies blast damage taken by (0.96) ^ (2 * level).
Bleeding
 Applies Bleed (Enchantment level) for 5 seconds to all mobs struck by the Bleed
ing weapon. Bleed is a custom effect that applies (level * 10)% Slowness and Wea
kness to mobs under 50% Max Health.
Broomstick
 After being hurled using Riptide, apply slow falling until touching the ground.
Carapace
 After being hit by a mob, gain (level * 1.25)% damage reduction for 5 seconds,
refreshed on being hit.
Chaotic
 Your weapon deals anywhere between +Level and -Level damage, in integer increme
nts. This effect is halved for sweep attacks. This only works in your main hand.
Choler
 Deal (level * 1)% additional damage to any mob that is on fire (vanilla or Infe
rno), slowed, or stunned.
Cloaked
 Gain (Level * 20)% effective Agility when there's 2 or less enemies within 5 bl
ocks.
Clucking
 Cluck cluck cluck
Colossal
 Items reinforced with Colossal don't take durability damage 50% of the time. Wo
rks with the Unbreaking enchant.
Curse of Corruption
 Holding or equipping one item is fine, but too much corruption is bad for you..
.
Curse of Crippling
 When under 50% health, your damage and movement speed is reduced by 10% per lev
el.
Darksight
 Gives night vision when held or worn.
Debarking
 Strips the bark off the logs you chop down.
Decapitation
 On a melee critical strike, deal (1.25 * level)% additional damage.
Decay
 Applies a Decay effect that deals 1 damage every (40 / level) ticks for 4 secon
ds.
Depth Strider
 Allows you to move faster by (level * 33)% when in water.
Divine Aura
 While equipped, the player and mobs hit gain an aura of divine particles.
Earth Aspect
 Upon dealing melee / projectile damage, grants (level * 5)% damage reduction fo
r 3 seconds. Also applies upon mining a spawner.
Efficiency
 Increases the speed at which you break blocks with the enchanted item. If on an
 Axe, it also increases the chance of stunning a shield by an additional 5% per
level.
Empowered
 When you gain XP, you have a 0.25% chance per XP point per level to repair all
currently equipped items by 1% of their max durability. There is also a slight p
rioritization to more damaged items.
Curse of Ephemerality
 All good things must come to an end. Will vanish when you log out, transfer sha
rds, drop it, or try to move them to another inventory.
Epoch
 Class abilities cooldowns are reduced by (level * 1)%.
Eruption
 Deal (level * 4) damage in a 5 block radius that can apply the effects of Decay
, Fire, Ice, and Thunder Aspect to nearby mobs, and Adrenaline, Sapper to nearby
 players, when a spawner is broken with the item. Thunder Aspect applied via Eru
ption stuns 100% of the time and adds (level * 0.5) seconds of stun.
Ethereal
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Agility on hits taken within 1.5 seconds of any prev
ious hit.
Evasion
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Agility when taking damage from a source further tha
n 5 blocks from the player.
Excavator
 Mine extra blocks in a 3 x 3 shape. Sneaking disables the effect.
Execution
 After killing an enemy, you deal (level * 1.5)% extra damage for 4 seconds.
Exorcism
 Deals 15 damage and applies Slowness III to mobs summoned within the Valley of
Forgotten Pharaohs.
Expedite
 Damaging an enemy with an ability increases your movement speed by (level * 1)%
 for 5 seconds, stacking up to 3 times.
Feather Falling
 Multiplies fall damage taken by (0.96) ^ (3 * level).
Festive
 While equipped, gain an aura of festive particles that improve with every addit
ional item.
Fire Aspect
 Ignites the target for (level * 4) seconds when dealing melee or projectile dam
age.
Fire Fragility
 Multiplies fire damage taken by (0.96) ^ (-2 * level).
Fire Protection
 Multiplies fire damage taken by (0.96) ^ (2 * level). Reduces fire duration by
10% per level.
Focus
 +(level * 0.75)% projectile damage.
Fortune
 Increases the number of resources gained when breaking ores and certain other b
locks that drop resources, based on level.
Fueled
 Gain 0.3% Damage Reduction per level for every enemy that is on fire (vanilla o
r Inferno), slowed, or stunned within 8 blocks, capped at 4 mobs.
Galvanic
 Gain a 1.25% chance per level to stun a mob for 2 seconds (0.5 seconds for elit
es) when dealing or taking non-ability melee or projectile damage.
Gilded
 While equipped, you gain an aura of gold particles. While dropped, your item ga
ins similar particles. Additional items increase your particles, capped at 10.
A reward for winning the voting raffle.
Gills
 While equipped or held, gain Water Breathing.
Grace
 Gain 2% attack speed per level.
Guard
 Gain (Level * 20)% effective Armor after blocking with a shield. Duration lasts
 for 2.5s if blocked from offhand, and 5s from mainhand.
Hex Eater
 Adds (level * 0.5) extra damage per debuff on the target.
Hope
 If this item would be inflicted with more than 1 shatter level from a death, it
 takes 1 level less.
Ice Aspect
 Applies (level * 10)% Slowness for 4 seconds when dealing melee or projectile d
amage. Deals 1 extra damage to Blazes.
Ineptitude
 Increases the cooldown of all of your skills by 5% per level multiplicatively.
Inferno
 When you ignite an enemy, they take 1 extra damage per level once a second for
the initial duration of the fire.
Infinity
 Your item gains infinite power. Bows never consume their arrow, crossbows retur
n their loaded arrow, potions never go empty, and food never runs out.
Instant Drink
 Right clicking a potion with this enchant will instantly apply its effects to t
he player using it.
Intoxicating Warmth
 When consumed, regain 1 hunger and 1 saturation per second for 15 seconds. 30 s
econd cooldown.
Intuition
 While equipped, grants 50% more experience.
Inure
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Armor when taking the same type of mob damage consec
utively (Melee, Projectile, Blast, or Magic).
Curse of Irreparability
 Some items are too fragile to be repaired...
Jungle's Nourishment
 Fills the hunger bar when eaten. Heals 40% max health and gives 20% resistance
for 5 seconds. 25 second cooldown.
Knockback
 Adds (level * 3) blocks to your knockback on melee strikes.
Liquid Courage
 Restores 8 hunger and 8 saturation when consumed. For 15 seconds, gives player
20% damage resistance of the next 3 incoming Melee, Projectile or Magic attacks.
 30 second cooldown.
Locked
 Prevents the item from being swapped by a lockbox.
Looting
 Increases common loot drops by (Enchantment level) chances.
Lure
 Decreases the time spent waiting for a fish to appear by (level * 5) seconds.
Magic Fragility
 Multiplies magic damage taken by (0.96) ^ (-2 * level).
Magic Protection
 Multiplies magic damage taken by (0.96) ^ (2 * level).
Material
 A special item, used to craft another item - often Patron related ones. Items w
ith this enchant also can be used as crafting materials in regular vanilla Minec
raft recipes.
Melee Fragility
 Multiplies melee damage taken by (0.96) ^ (-2 * level).
Melee Protection
 Multiplies melee damage taken by (0.96) ^ (2 * level).
Mending
 Items with Mending that are worn or held repair 2 durability per xp orb consume
d, chosen at random among your items with Mending.
Mitosis
 Mining a spawner debuffs all enemies  block radius with (level * 3.75)% Weaken
for 2 seconds.
Multishot
 Crossbows enchanted with Multishot fire 3 projectiles at once in a spread patte
rn. Only one projectile is consumed and only one out of the 3 can be picked up o
ff the ground.
Multitool
 Allows a tool to change shape when you right-click with it. Level I lets it to
cycle between a shovel and an axe. Level II additionally lets it cycle to being
a pickaxe.
Natant
 You move (level * 4)% faster when in water.
Nutriment
 Gain (level * 1.5)% extra healing.
Oinking
 Oinkity oink
Pennate
 You receive (level * 5)% less fall damage.
Perspicacity
 +(level * 0.75)% magic damage.
Phylactery
 Dying with an item infused with Phylactery saves (10% * level) of your experien
ce points in your grave. This stacks additively with itself across all items equ
ipped. Experience will only be saved if you died with more than 100 experience p
oints. Additionally, keep potion effects upon dying for (5% * level) of the dura
tion.
Piercing
 Arrows shot from a crossbow with Piercing can pass through up to the number of
entities equal to the enchantment level.
Point Blank
 Projectiles deal an additional (level * 2) damage if the enemy is within 8 bloc
ks.
Poise
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Armor when above 90% Max Health.
Projectile Fragility
 Multiplies projectile damage taken by (0.96) ^ (-2 * level).
Projectile Protection
 Multiplies projectile damage taken by (0.96) ^ (2 * level).
Punch
 Projectiles gain (level * 3) blocks of knockback.
Quake
 When your melee attack kills an enemy, all nearby enemies in a 3-block cube tak
e (level * 10)% of the damage dealt. Your weapon's Fire/Ice/Thunder Aspect, Deca
y and/or Bleed also get applied.
Quench
 Increase duration of consumables by 2.5% per level.
Quick Charge
 Decreases the time it takes to load a crossbow by (level * 0.25) seconds.
Radiant
 While held in your main hand, gain Glowing and Night Vision for 30s. You must b
e the soulbound owner of your item for this to work.
Rage of the Keter
 Restores 6 hunger and 6 saturation when eaten. Gives the player +15% to all dam
age and +15% speed for 15 seconds. 25 second cooldown.
Reflection
 1 second after taking magic or blast damage, deal (level * 6)% of the ability's
 damage to all mobs in a 4 block radius, bypassing I-frames.
Reflexes
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Agility when there are 4 or more enemies within 8 bl
ocks.
Refresh
 Reduces the cooldown of infinite consumables by 2% per level.
Regicide
 While equipped, you deal an additional (level * 10)% damage to elite enemies an
d (level * 5)% damage to boss enemies.
Respiration
 Extends your breathing time underwater by (level * 15) seconds.
Resurrection
 When you are about to die, this item provides Absorption and Regeneration, dest
roying itself in the process.
Retrieval
 Arrows have a (level * 10)% chance to not be consumed.
Riptide
 A Trident with Riptide can only be thrown when in water. When this happens, you
 are launched with your Trident a distance based on your Riptide level.
Sapper
 Restore (Enchantment Level) health by breaking a spawner.
Second Wind
 Damage from attacks applied to the lower half of your max health is multiplied
by 0.9^(level). Attacks received while under this threshold get their damage red
uced; attacks that bring you under this threshold have the portion of the damage
 that is applied past the threshold reduced.
Shielding
 Gain Level*20% effective Armor when taking damage from an enemy within 2.5 bloc
ks. Taking damage that would stun a shield and activates Shielding reduces Shiel
ding's effect to half for 5 seconds.
Curse of Shrapnel
 When used to break a spawner, take (level) damage. This damages armor and bypas
ses damage reductions.
Silk Touch
 Allows blocks to drop as themselves instead of their normal drop, when broken w
ith an item with this enchantment.
Slayer
 Adds (level * 2) extra damage to melee hits against non-Undead, non-human-like
mobs: Spiders, Cave Spiders, Creepers, Endermen, Blazes, Ghasts, Slimes, Magma C
ubes, Silverfish, Bees, Shulkers, Wolves, Ravagers, Hoglins, and passive animal
mobs.
Smite
 Adds (level * 2) extra damage to melee hits against Undead mobs.
Sniper
 Projectiles deal an additional (level * 2) damage if the enemy is further than
12 blocks.
Soothing
 Regenerate 0.04 health per level each second.
Soul Speed
 When on soul sand or soul soil, your speed will increase by (level * 10.5)%.
Spell Power
 Increases the damage of spells (+20% Spell Power increases the damage of all sp
ells by 20%, for example), and only works with Mage skills. Spell Power stacks w
ith the Magic Damage attribute.
Stamina
 After taking damage, gain (level * 2.5)% melee and projectile damage per level
for 6 seconds. Stacks up to 4 times, for (level * 10)% max damage.
Starvation
 Depletes your saturation and current hunger points by (Enchantment level) upon
consuming the item cursed with Starvation. It fully depletes saturation, then mo
ves on to removing hunger points.
Stasis
 While Stasis is active, you are immovable, immune to all damage and effects, an
d cannot use any interactions or abilities.
Stat Track
 Designates that an item has had stat tracking added to it via a Patron. Stats a
re only tracked if used by the person who added it as long as they're still a pa
tron. A variety of different stats can be tracked, such as Mobs Killed, Times Co
nsumed, Boss Damage Dealt, and more! Consider becoming a patron if you aren't on
e already to gain access to this perk.
Steadfast
 Gain 0.33% Armor per 1% health lost, up to 20% Armor.
Sustenance
 Increases amount of healing received by (level * 10)%.
Sweeping Edge
 Increases sweep damage by (1 + Attack Damage * (level / (level + 1))).
Tempo
 Gain (Level*20%) effective Agility on the first hit taken after 4 seconds of ta
king no damage. Half of the bonus is granted after 2 seconds of taking no damage
.
Temporal Bender
 Restores 6 hunger and 6 saturation when eaten. Refreshes all class ability skil
l cooldowns by 5 seconds. 30 second cooldown.
Tenacity
 +(level * 0.5)% damage reduction.
Throwing Knife
 Right-clicking consumes the item, instantly launching an arrow that deals 7-9 d
amage and applies the respective effects if the arrow is tipped.
Thunder Aspect
 Has a (level * 10)% chance to stun a mob for 2 seconds (0.5 for Elites) when de
aling melee damage, or for 0.5 seconds (0 for Elites) when dealing projectile da
mage. Deals 1 extra damage to Guardians and Iron Golems.
Triage
 Increases the amount of healing you do to others by (level * 5)%.
Trivium
 When hitting 3 or more mobs with a magical ability, deal (level * 10)% more mag
ic damage.
Two Handed
 Some items simply cannot be used correctly if your hands are full... Reduces at
tack damage, attack speed, and spell power of the item, reduces player movement
speed, and restricts the ability to throw/shoot projectiles if held while also h
aving an offhand equipped. Two-handed swords count as holding two swords for sak
e of Rogue abilities.
Unbreaking
 Makes gear break (level + 1)x slower.
Works the same on tools, weapons, and armor.
Understanding
 All other Delve Infusions you are currently benefitting from gain (level * .25)
 levels of this Infusion.
Unyielding
 Increases your Knockback Resistance by 0.6 per level.
Usurper
 Heal (level * 2.5)% of your max health whenever you slay an elite or boss enemy
.
Curse of Vanishing
 When held in inventory, an item with Curse of Vanishing shatters upon death. Cu
rse of Vanishing II will cause the item to be completed deleted upon death.
Vengeful
 Deal (level * 2)% additional damage to the last mob that damaged you.
Vigor
 +(level * 0.75)% melee damage.
Vitality
 +(level * 1)% max health.
Weightless
 May be held in the offhand without incurring a debuff from the Two Handed curse
.
Wind Aspect
 Launch mobs hit by (Level * N) blocks and applies Slow Falling for 1 second.
Worldly Protection
 While held, 5% damage reduction per level in King's Valley areas, 7.5% damage r
eduction per level in Celsian Isles areas, and 10% damage reduction per level in
 Architect's Ring areas.
Farr
 A Narsen town built from ruins of Tlaxan architecture
Highwatch
 A fortified keep protecting a mystical structure
Hot Springs
 Give yourself a glowing aura, cleanse yourself and arrows of effects, or just r
elax and rejuvenate in the mystical Ta'Eldim hot springs.
Infusion Altar
 Hidden away in the city of Ta'Eldim, this sacred altar can make your equipment
stronger.
Lowtide
 A quaint lakeside town beside a massive seagate
Nyr
 A small town overlooking a scorched battleground
Oceangate
 A mighty bastion guarding the route from the Valley
Sierhaven
 The shining capital of the King's Valley
Ta'Eldim
 A hidden sanctuary of the Tlaxan people
Alnera
 The bustling capital of the Ishnir Empire
Breachpoint
 An underwater outpost built to investigate the depths of the world
Delve Infusion Station
 A curious machine that allows you to further enhance your equipment.
Frostgate
 An oceanside citadel and capital of the Chillwind Empire
Infusion Altar
 This invention of a long lost civilization will enable you to strengthen your e
quipment.
Mistport
 A small haven of piracy and lawlessness
Molta
 A mining town amidst the ruins of other expeditions
Nightroost
 A hilltop village ravaged by a threat still looming
Rahkeri
 A trade town now used as a vantage point for military operations
Steelmeld
 An isolated underwater base built from an unknown time
Wispervale
 A town of magic in a culture where magic is shunned
Galengarde
 A safe haven for the Dichen and capital of the region, established around a col
ossal tree.
New Antium
 The remnants of a thriving civilization, bound by hunger and haunted by shades.
Port Manteau
 A picturesque fishing town on the northern coast of the Wolfswood, overlooked b
y the capital.
Elite Mobs
 Elites have gold names and tend to be more dangerous than normal mobs.
Adventurer's Crystal
 Reward for conquering an amplified location. Used for trades with the Plot Assi
stant Coordinator.
Archite Chip
 Casino Currency. Can be converted back to AR freely.
Archos Ring
 AR; The basic currency of Architect's Ring.
Augments
 Special Currency found in the Architect's Ring. Can be used to augment certain
items.
Crystalline Chip
 Casino currency. Can be converted to CCS and back freely.
Compressed Crystalline Shard
 CCS; Used for more expensive trades. Can be converted to CS and back freely.
Chip
 Casino currency. Can be converted to CXP and back freely.
Crystalline Shard
 CS; The basic currency of the Celsian Isles.
Concentrated Experience
 CXP; Used for more expensive trades. Can be converted to XP and back freely.
Godtree Carving
 GC; Reward for an Architect Bounty. Some items can only be purchased with these
.
Gleaming Dust
 Special currency given for breaking down Region 2 rare items into their base fo
rm in Dungeon Lobbies.
Gleaming Seashell
 GS; Reward for a Celsian Bounty. Some items can only be purchased with these.
Hyperchromatic Archos Ring
 HAR; Used for more expensive trades. Can be converted back to AR freely.
Hyper Crystalline Shard
 HCS; Used for even more expensive trades. Can be converted to CCS and back free
ly.
Hyper Experience
 HXP. Used for even more expensive trades. Can be converted to CXP and back free
ly.
Pulsating Dust
 Special currency given for transmogrifying four Tier 5 items from region 1.
Pulsating Diamond
 Special Currency given for combining two Silver Dust from region 3 at the Infus
ion Altar.
Pulsating Emerald
 Special currency given for combining two Gleaming Dust from region 2 with Jean
Bay at the Infusion Altar.
Pulsating Gold
 Special currency given for combining two Royal Dust from region 1 with Keloch a
t the Infusion Altar.
Pulsating Powder
 Special currency given for transmogrifying four Tier 5 items from region 2.
Pulsating Shard
 Special Currency given for transmogrifying four Tier 3 items from region 3.
Royal Crystal
 RC; Reward for the King's Bounty. Some items can only be purchased with these.
Royal Dust
 Special currency given for breaking down Region 1 rare items into their base fo
rm in Dungeon Lobbies.
Special Crystalline Chip
 Rigged casino currency. More likely to land a jackpot than a normal chip.
Silver Dust
 Special currency given for breaking down Region 3 rare items into their base fo
rm in Dungeon Lobbies.
Experience
 XP; The basic currency of King's Valley.
Handbook
 Your guide for Monumenta
Azacor's Grove
 Discover Azacor's Grove
Korbar Highlands
 Discover the Korbar Highlands
Central Plateau
 Enter the Central Plateau
Jaguar Tooth Mountains
 Enter the Jaguar Tooth Mountains
Northeastern Jungle
 Enter the Northeastern Jungle
Northwestern Jungle
 Enter the Northwestern Jungle
Blackroot Jungle
 Enter the Blackroot Jungle
Southeastern Jungle
 Enter the Southeastern Jungle
Southwestern Jungle
 Enter the Southwestern Jungle
Narsen Sea
 Enter the Narsen Sea
Far Waters
 Enter the Far Waters
Royal Shoreline
 Enter the Royal Shoreline
Eastern Swamplands
 Enter the Eastern Swamplands
Northern Swamplands
 Enter the Northern Swamplands
Swamplands
 Enter the Swamplands
Southern Swamplands
 Enter the Southern Swamplands
Crystalshroom Valley
 Enter the Crystalshroom Valley
Forest
 Enter the Forest
Mountains
 Enter the Mountains
Permafrost
 Enter the Permafrost
Chillwind
 Enter the Chillwind Tundra
Icelands
 Enter the Icelands
Canyonlands
 Enter the Canyonlands
Mesa
 Enter the Mesa
Oasis
 Enter the Oasis
Ishnir
 Enter the Ishnir Desert
Trade Route
 Enter the Trade Route
Viridian Archipelago
 Enter the Viridian Archipelago
Ocean's Reach
 Enter the Ocean's Reach
Mistport Outlands
 Enter the Mistport Outlands
Ocean
 Enter the Celsian Ocean
Pelias' Keep
 Enter Pelias' Keep
Shrines
 Shrines are special locations in the Architect's Ring where you may obtain
Wolfswood
 Enter the Wolfswood
A Beast of a Book
 You learned from an expert hunter and earned your own Bestiary.
A Crew to Remember
 Captain Indigo now has a motley crew of eccentric pirates, ready to sail thanks
 to your help.
A Crown of Madness
 Aimee has been cured and the King has been saved from the plot of a sneaky Son
of the Forest.
A Crown of Majesty
 Getting three more gems for Aimee, she now has everything she needs to make a c
rown for King Petrus II.
A Crown of Topaz
 Braving the mineshaft north of Sierhaven, you got a topaz gem for Aimee to use.
A Little Spark
 You helped Cinevra out by getting her an arc-crystal.
A Pigculiar Problem
 You've learned the secrets of how pigs can speak and helped Walter Jr. live his
 dream.
A Study in Crimson Part One
 The Crimson King called in your contract. You worked with him to dig through me
mories, searching for a way to restore the Crimson Wool.
A Study in Crimson Part Two
 Working again with the Crimson King, you searched past and present for the lost
 Silver Knight. You found it, dead, below the Monument, leaving the future uncer
tain.
A Vault of Glass
 Commanded by the Order of Glass to uncover Octavius's misdeeds, you failed when
 the evidence was taken by Duchess Emmeline.
Bandit Troubles
 Raiding two bandit camps, you learned the truth of Octavius's shady business de
alings.
Bane of the Bakers
 Stefan needed a pretzel recipe, and you stole it for him in exchange for some s
trange rewards.
Buried Blade
 A landslide ruined Blackjack Stan's smuggling den. Of course, he sent you into
a deadly cave to retrieve a sword he needed.
Burning Bright
 Because of your actions, Oceangate Lighthouse burns brighter than ever before.
Casting for Help
 Working with Nurse Deidre, you made a cast for Melinda and repaired more than j
ust a bone.
Clear As Glass
 After defeating Virius, Nelfine's memory has truly returned and with it her fri
endship with Arian.
Clucked Up
 You went on a clucking silly adventure, and defeated the god of pigs.
Crazy, Cupid, Love
 You solved mysterious puzzles leading to Psychie's lost love, Cupid.
A Dish To Die For
 You helped Claude make his culinary masterpiece. After fighting him, his appeti
te for human flesh should be gone.
Farr
 Discover the Town of Farr
Finished Business
 You helped a weird little man be slightly less weird and stop writing fanfictio
n about you.
Flash in the Pan
 You've completed a race around Sierhaven. Search towns around the world for mor
e races.
Fountain of Miracles
 You've purified the waters of the Fountain of Miracles, corrupted by dark magic
 from deep in the jungle.
Halid's Song
 You helped an old Tlaxan regain his musical talent, and got music of your own i
n return...
A Hero's Return
 Choose your class proper and carry on with your adventure!
Highwatch
 Discover the Highwatch Keep
Into Thin Air
 Following in the footsteps of Aurora, you discovered the truth behind her disap
pearance...
Lights Beyond
 The lights have shown you the way in the darkness, where you found a strange le
tter...
Lost in My Mind
 A secret warehouse lies beneath Sierhaven, filled with missing people. Eowen ha
s closure, but mysteries still remain.
Lowtide
 Discover the lakeside town
Mage's Legacy
 Helping Archmage Vargos, you translated an ancient Tlaxan poem and learned the
tragic history of the mage council.
Memories of Battle
 You investigated the secrets of the Arena, instead discovering the Crimson King
 was involved the whole time.
Runaway Pet
 You reunited Leonard and his adorable pet Mr. Snuggles.
Missing Soldiers
 Sergeant Sigrun needed your help finding her soldiers. Unfortunately, the Jagua
r Tribes found them first.
Nelfine's Curse
 You helped restore Nelfine's memory. Hopefully she'll remember more and more wi
th time...
Nyr
 Discover the Town of Nyr
Oceangate
 Discover the Oceangate
Of Monks and Magic
 You saved the Axtan Monks from the Sons of the Forest, a shadowy cabal of druid
s.
Outer Demons
 What seemed like a mission to find a lost book turned into a search through the
 mysterious Grove, where you encountered the demon summoner Azacor.
Pyromania
 Braving several lava-filled caverns, you brought Carbocius magma samples from a
round the valley.
King's Valley Quests
 Welcome to Monumenta, the CTM MMO RPG!
Siege of Highwatch
 Highwatch is saved from a swarm of ghasts and blazes, and you've uncovered the
true plans of the Sons of the Forest.
Sierhaven
 Discover the City of Sierhaven, capital of King's Valley
Snow Man Left Behind
 The hunt for the Snow Wool led you to its destruction, and you battled its spir
it to save the holidays!
Sons of the Forest
 You stole a powerful binding spell from the Sons of the Forest, hindering their
 plans! No doubt they are planning their revenge...
Starrier Night
 You repaired another spyglass, this time for Mayleen's friend Montana. While se
cretive, it seems there's more here than just stargazing...
Starriest Night
 You repaired the telescope, but something more sinister is yet to unfold...
Starry Night
 By breaking into an armory and spinning gears, you helped Mayleen fix her teles
cope.
Supply and Demand
 After running around Sierhaven, you helped deliver a package of supplies to the
 small town of Nyr.
Ta'Eldim
 Discover the Town of Ta'Eldim
The Crystal Connection
 Overcoming another trip into Velara and an attack by the Sons of the Forest, yo
u connected Ta'Eldim and Sierhaven.
The Elder's Scrolls
 When T'Xoc asked for your help to locate a missing Tlaxan Elder, you followed t
heir trail back to the Verdant Fortress... What lurks inside?
The Plague
 Nyr was at risk of falling to a deadly plague, but you and C'Taz created an anc
ient medicine to save the town.
The Salmon
 You caught a royal fish (with strange defenders) and won a fishing contest. Dis
play the trophy proudly.
The Scout's Codex
 You helped Laura find her diary. With the information stored in the book, the n
orthern path to Sierhaven may be a lot safer now!
Time to Reflect
 By solving the mirror puzzles in Ta'Eldim's shrine, you gained the trust of Bar
ras, the Shrinetender.
Tlaxan Troubles
 T'Lm told you of his people's hidden town, Ta'Eldim. While you have gained entr
y, not all the townspeople trust you yet...
True Genius
 You have earned the title of Dreamwalker by interacting with the dreamers.
Truer Genius
 You have continued your journey of Dreamwalker, into realms never before walked
.
Unveiled
 The Masked Man, an agent of Calder, has been stopped and the Black Shard reclai
med from the Sons of the Forest. They will no longer threaten the valley with th
eir dark magic.
Words Upon Hushed Lips
 Dimitri's mentor, Ignos, has vanished, but you found closure and a clue in his
cryptic journal.
A Lich in the System
 With the help of some researchers, you fought against the former Vizier of Al M
alakut, Hekawt, now a lich, and prevented him from causing further destruction.
Alnera
 Discover the Town of Alnera
A Lost Cause
 The Ishnir Trade may have suffered a catastrophic loss, but with your help they
 should be able to recover.
Alric's Legacy
 You learned from the Giant slayer himself and fought a Giant yourself, preventi
ng total destruction of the Isles.
A Merchant's Woe
 You've helped Riaz recover his lost supplies.
An Alcoholic Accord
 You helped Levyn with a deal to get information, but ended up getting tricked i
n the process.
An Unlikely Partnership
 The Duchess used you to spy on diplomats. Will it be you that puts an end to he
r reign of terror?
A Sunken Feeling
 You helped save Mistport's massive underground farm.
Bleeding Proof
 You sought out a survivor of the Congress, but things didn't quite go as expect
ed.
Bloody Banquet
 You investigated a brutal murder of a rich Countess! You caught the murderer! H
e's behind bars... for now.
Borrowed Time
 After much debate with your allies, you brought the Crimson King to the Isles a
nd survived a clash with the Teal Spirit. However, there is still more to do...
Breachpoint
 Discover the Outpost of Breachpoint
Bring Him Baack
 You followed a mysterious and baffling trail that may have brought back a frien
d...
Dealbreaker
 Safar was pleased with your work, The Ishnir Trade knows of your name now...
Depths Charge
 Following the path of a Lieutenant of the Black Mist, you discovered a Breach b
elow the ocean where something evil approaches.
A Well Deserved Rest
 You may have destroyed the castle's floor and table, but the Marshall can get s
ome rest.
Fabled Destiny
 You've helped Herriot realise a new destiny which is awaiting for him.
Fishy Business
 Whether you like it or not, Lincoln's pesky client has been dealt with.
Flock and Key
 Your first initial heist as a Night Rooster.
Frostgate
 Discover the Town of Frostgate
Here There Be Dragons
 Working with Izzy, Levyn, and clearly Not Samwell, you went on a piratey advent
ure and discovered something below the City of Bones.
Kingdom Of Lies
 You rooted out the Masked in Ishnir's government after getting unexpectedly arr
ested.
Long Way Down
 You've assisted Myra in conquering her fear.
Master of All
 Complete all Specialization Trials in the Celsian Isles.
Master of One
 You helped out the Teacher in Mistport to reopen the Specialization School.
Mistport
 Discover the Town of Mistport
Molta
 Discover the Town of Molta
Nightroost
 Discover the Town of Nightroost
Out With A Bang
 Ebonee and her friends are now known among their peers for legendary pranks.
Overdoomed
 Retrieved by any means necessary, the book is now back in Saanavi's hands.
Primeval Creations: 013-2 Wools
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Teal Wool, and Selari's future plans.
Primeval Creations I
 You discovered the workshop of a mysterious man named Selari and learned more a
bout the nature of the White Wool.
Primeval Creations II
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Orange and Magenta Wools.
Primeval Creations III
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Light Blue and Yellow Wools.
Primeval Creations III.9
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Crimson Wool and Selari himself.
Primeval Creations IV
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Lime and Pink Wools.
Primeval Creations V
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Gray and Light Gray Wools.
Primeval Creations VI
 You delved further into Selari's workshop and learned more about the nature of
the Cyan and Purple Wools.
Pyre and Prejudice
 You've assisted Nitreia in fixing Steelmeld's agricultural problems.
Rahkeri
 Discover the Town of Rahkeri
Raiding Party
 You assisted Captain Lamis and ended up getting attacked by a strange assailant
.
R Is For Reprisal
 You rooted out the Masked in the Chillwind's government while trying to protect
 Wispervale from Mage Hunters.
Celsian Isles Quests
 It's the Cel Saga!
Sabotage
 The Fist of Turaal is operational once again now that you have helped Lt. Aulbe
r.
Scientists of Steelmeld I
 You have completed the Professor's challenges... for now.
Scientists of Steelmeld II
 You have completed even more of the Professor's challenges... for science!
Stablemaster's Request
 Now Miane's stable is full of life once more!
Steelmeld
 Discover the Town of Steelmeld
Ten Thousand Bets
 You retrieved Myriad's lost chestplate, but his luck remains missing...
The End Chimes
 Following the ramblings of a drunken pirate, you discovered the ghost ship of C
aptain Varcosa - the Black Mist.
The Foreign Soldier
 You searched out information about the truth of the war, and ended up siding wi
th a nation.
The Rooster Crows at Midnight
 You've proven yourself to the Night Roosters and joined their ranks.
Treasure for the Future
 You discovered ruins beneath the Silver Tower, and activated an ancient mechani
sm. The ruins collapsed behind you as you escaped, leaving the artifacts and the
 knight sealed within...
Treasure of the Past
 You've found an ancient temple of the Viridian Empire and retrieved a cursed ar
tifact.
Vital Needs
 Now with the Doctor's ingredients retrieved, you have gained access to his reme
dy in Mistport!
Voyage of Discovery
 You assembled your pirate crew once again and embarked on a journey to the Cels
ian Isles.
Wispervale
 Discover the Town of Wispervale
The Wizard's Apprentice
 You investigated the death of Vargos' apprentice and found Xeno at the center o
f the incident.
Woof!
 Woof! Woof! Aruff!
Woof Woof! 10!
 Woof! Woof! Aruff! Awooooooo! 10 Woofs!
Woof Woof! Aruff! Bark! 100!
 Woof! Woof! Aruff! Awooo! 100 Woofs!
Woof Woof! Aruff! 50!
 Woof! Woof! Aruff! Ruff! 50 Woofs!
Xenophobia
 You searched out clues for Xeno and discovered his connection with Calder.
A Charming Proposition
 You learned more about Charms, and conquered Vibrant Hollow.
Cure for Insomnia
 You passed out after performing a ritual, and woke up inside The Gallery of Fea
r.
Galengarde
 Discover the City of Galengarde
His Faithful Servant
 You discovered the Shrines of the Architect's Ring, alongside Cadeus.
Into the Woods
 You assisted the city of Galengarde with a number of tasks to earn an audience
with their leaders.
Keeper Agents
 You uncovered a dark secret about the doctor of New Antium with help from the H
igh Priest.
New Antium
 Discover the City of New Antium
Of Mushrooms and Magic
 You attempted to make peace with the Mycelia, but instead found allies within t
he Coven.
Port Manteau
 Discover the Dock Town of Port Manteau
Praetorer Strike
 You battled through a Shade-infested Point of Interest to help the Praetor of N
ew Antium.
Ring Around the Rose
 You assisted a group of researchers in order to figure out how to reach the Arc
hitect's Ring.
Architect's Ring Quests
 Does this Ring a Bell?
Scientists of Steelmeld III
 You rescued IOTA from Bermuda's malfunctioning lab.
Sporetal Combat
 You attended Conquort's Funeral, but were interrupted by the Abello requesting
help to fight back against the Godspore.
Unraveled
 You retrieved the Blue Wool from Samwell in the Masquerader's Ruin
Alternative Speedster
 Complete all races of Bonus Dungeons.
Speedster: Bursting Bonus
 Successfully finished Bursting Bonus Race
Speedster: C'Ircuit
 Successfully finished C'Ircuit Race
Speedster: Silver Surfer
 Successfully finished Silver Surfer Race
Speedster: Speed Reading
 Successfully finished Speed Reading Race
Speedster: Swift Alchemy
 Successfully finished Swift Alchemy Race
Speedster
 Complete all races in King's Valley at Master rank.
Speedster: Elemental Shuffle
 Reached Master time on Numah's Race
Speedster: Elemental Shuffle
 Reached Gold time on Numah's Race
Speedster: Elemental Shuffle
 Reached Silver time on Numah's Race
Speedster: Elemental Shuffle
 Reached Bronze time on Numah's Race
Speedster: High to Low
 Reached Master time on Linebeck's Race
Speedster: High to Low
 Reached Gold time on Linebeck's Race
Speedster: High to Low
 Reached Silver time on Linebeck's Race
Speedster: High to Low
 Reached Bronze time on Linebeck's Race
Speedster: Mariya's Game
 Reached Master time on the Mariya's Game race
Speedster: Mariya's Game
 Reached Gold time on the Mariya's Game race
Speedster: Mariya's Game
 Reached Silver time on the Mariya's Game race
Speedster: Mariya's Game
 Reached Bronze time on the Mariya's Game race
Speedster: Royal Gambit
 Reached Master time on the Royal Gambit race
Speedster: Royal Gambit
 Reached Gold time on the Royal Gambit race
Speedster: Royal Gambit
 Reached Silver time on the Royal Gambit race
Speedster: Royal Gambit
 Reached Bronze time on the Royal Gambit race
Speedster: Tree Hopping Madness
 Reached Master time on Dalisay's Race
Speedster: Tree Hopping Madness
 Reached Gold time on Dalisay's Race
Speedster: Tree Hopping Madness
 Reached Silver time on Dalisay's Race
Speedster: Tree Hopping Madness
 Reached Bronze time on Dalisay's Race
Speedster of Sierhaven
 Complete the Sierhaven Race under the time limit.
Speedster: Tutorial+
 Reached Master time on Flashy's Race
Speedster: Tutorial+
 Reached Gold time on Flashy's Race
Speedster: Tutorial+
 Reached Silver time on Flashy's Race
Speedster: Tutorial+
 Reached Bronze time on Flashy's Race
Speedster: Velara-ocity
 Reached Master time on Krikk's Race
Speedster: Velara-ocity
 Reached Gold time on Krikk's Race
Speedster: Velara-ocity
 Reached Silver time on Krikk's Race
Speedster: Velara-ocity
 Reached Bronze time on Krikk's Race
Speedster of Celsian Isles
 Complete all races in Celsian Isles at Master rank.
Speedster: All for Nera
 Reached Master time on All for Nera Race
Speedster: All for Nera
 Reached Gold time on All for Nera Race
Speedster: All for Nera
 Reached Silver time on All for Nera Race
Speedster: All for Nera
 Reached Bronze time on All for Nera Race
Speedster: Fast Whispers
 Reached Master time on Fast Whispers Race
Speedster: Fast Whispers
 Reached Gold time on Fast Whispers Race
Speedster: Fast Whispers
 Reached Silver time on Fast Whispers Race
Speedster: Fast Whispers
 Reached Bronze time on Fast Whispers Race
Speedster: Frost Drift
 Reached Master time on Frost Drift Race
Speedster: Frost Drift
 Reached Gold time on Frost Drift Race
Speedster: Frost Drift
 Reached Silver time on Frost Drift Race
Speedster: Frost Drift
 Reached Bronze time on Frost Drift Race
Speedster: Misty Waters
 Reached Master time on Misty Waters
Speedster: Misty Waters
 Reached Gold time on Misty Waters
Speedster: Misty Waters
 Reached Silver time on Misty Waters
Speedster: Misty Waters
 Reached Bronze time on Misty Waters
Speedster: Runners of Mist
 Reached Master time on Runners of Mist Race
Speedster: Runners of Mist
 Reached Gold time on Runners of Mist Race
Speedster: Runners of Mist
 Reached Silver time on Runners of Mist Race
Speedster: Runners of Mist
 Reached Bronze time on Runners of Mist Race
Speedster: Six Shot Sprint
 Reached Master time on Six Shot Sprint Race
Speedster: Six Shot Sprint
 Reached Gold time on Six Shot Sprint Race
Speedster: Six Shot Sprint
 Reached Silver time on Six Shot Sprint Race
Speedster: Six Shot Sprint
 Reached Bronze time on Six Shot Sprint Race
Speedster: Speed Fitness
 Reached Master time on Speed Fitness Race
Speedster: Speed Fitness
 Reached Gold time on Speed Fitness Race
Speedster: Speed Fitness
 Reached Silver time on Speed Fitness Race
Speedster: Speed Fitness
 Reached Bronze time on Speed Fitness Race
Speedster: Trackmaster
 Reached Master time on Trackmaster Race
Speedster: Trackmaster
 Reached Gold time on Trackmaster Race
Speedster: Trackmaster
 Reached Silver time on Trackmaster Race
Speedster: Trackmaster
 Reached Bronze time on Trackmaster Race
Speedster of Architect Ring
 Complete all races in Architect Ring at Master rank.
Speedster: City Tour
 Reached Master time on City Tour Race
Speedster: City Tour
 Reached Gold time on City Tour Race
Speedster: City Tour
 Reached Silver time on City Race
Speedster: City Tour
 Reached Bronze time on City Tour Race
Speedster: Coastal Curcuit
 Reached Master time on Coastal Curcuit Race
Speedster: Coastal Curcuit
 Reached Gold time on Coastal Curcuit Race
Speedster: Coastal Curcuit
 Reached Silver time on Coastal Curcuit Race
Speedster: Coastal Curcuit
 Reached Bronze time on Coastal Curcuit Race
Speedster: Rapid Ascent
 Reached Master time on Rapid Ascent Race
Speedster: Rapid Ascent
 Reached Gold time on Rapid Ascent Race
Speedster: Rapid Ascent
 Reached Silver time on Rapid Ascent Race
Speedster: Rapid Ascent
 Reached Bronze time on Rapid Ascent Race
Primordial Speedster
 Complete all races of Wool Dungeons.
Speedster: Blood Rush
 Successfully finished Blood Rush Race
Speedster: Light Footed
 Successfully finished Light Footed Race
Speedster: Miasma Theory
 Successfully finished Miasma Theory Race
Speedster: Mind's Eye
 Successfully finished Mind's Eye Race
Speedster: Pirate Pass
 Successfully finished Pirate Pass Race
Speedster: Ruined Run
 Successfully finished Ruined Run Race
Speedster: Sand Struggles
 Successfully finished Sand Struggles Race
Speedster: Season's Grace
 Successfully finished Season's Grace Race
Speedster: Time Flies
 Successfully finished Time Flies Race
Speedster: Treks Machina
 Successfully finished Treks Machina Race
Speedster: Truly Occult
 Successfully finished Truly Occult Race
Speedster: Wild Waltz
 Successfully finished Wild Waltz Race
Speedster: Witchhiking
 Successfully finished Witchhiking Race
Speedster: Zoo Tour
 Successfully finished Zoo Tour Race
Cured King's Valley
 Halloween 2017
2017 Events
 Events that occurred in 2017
Helped Build Nivalis' Colony
 Winter 2017
The Wae
 Be a true brodder. Uganda 2018
2018 Events
 Events that occurred in 2018
Winter 2018
 Won a snowball fight against skilled snowman warriors
Winter 2018 - Solo PvE
 Won a solo snowball fight against skilled snowman warriors
Cloud Nine
 Leap through the clouds. Valentine's 2018
Get Spleefed
 You proved that you aren't quite such a master of the spleefing arts.
Winter 2019
Creeper's Delight
 You learnt about trickster creepers from a rather strange man. Halloween 2019
2019 Events
 Events that occurred in 2019
Snowman Arena MVP
 You were the most valuable player in the snowman arena.
Winter 2019
Spleef Champion
 You proved yourself a master of the spleefing arts.
Winter 2019
Spring Cleaning Newbie
 You donated 50 or more points worth of items in the Spring Cleaning event.
Spring Cleaning Amateur
 You donated 500 or more points worth of items in the Spring Cleaning event.
Spring Cleaning Expert
 You donated 5000 or more points worth of items in the Spring Cleaning event.
Extra Creepy
 You learnt a bit more about trickster creepers from a rather strange man. Hallo
ween 2020
2020 Events
 Events that occurred in 2020
Not Snowman Helper
 You helped collect Cryospheres.
Winter 2020
The Creepering
 You learnt a bit too much about trickster creepers from a rather strange man. H
alloween 2021
2021 Events
 Events that occurred in 2021
Savior of the Holidays
 You defeated the Snow Wool Spirit as soon as it was released, saving the holida
ys before it was too late!
Lootbox Supporter
 April Fools!
Creeperween: The Creeper Strikes Back
 We're off with a bang! Halloween 2022
2022 Events
 Events that occurred in 2022
Winter 2022 - Solo PvE
 Won the Sierhaven Snowball Brawl solo against the frosty snowman armies.
Valentine's Day 2022
 Met Zemog and Aicitrom
Let It Snow!
 You experienced a true Sierhaven Christmas, and engaged in a snowball fight!
Drift Legend
 You were recognized as a true master of drifting in a game of Ice Spleef.
Trophies
 For all the amazing things you've done